[bell]
Sir?
[laughter]
Nice.
You have a bigger and bigger sound, right?
Yeah, bigger one, really bigger one.
And then of course, sometimes they make it easy to handle here.
So I can't remember.
Maybe this side, but a little thicker.
And so when you do this, I don't know this exactly.
But other than when you do that, really it makes a big nice sound.
This is, as we said the other day, is...
Gas tank?
Oxygen tank.
Well, Khenpo, you just called out the Walton Volunteer Fire Department.
[laughter]
You can see that.
They're coming.
You go first.
I'll stop on the road.
No, don't stop.
[laughter]
Thank you, everyone.
Thank you, thank you.
[laughter]
And as I said the other day, this is what I said here.
Four things.
For all the beneficial activities that are good for the teaching and all the beings.
And so this is may increasing, or that increase, may everything increase.
May increasing the longevity, wealth, prosperity, peace, and happiness.
And may increasing in the harmony of the Sanghas, Sangha members.
And then may increasing Buddha's teaching, like the scriptures and the realizations.
So those are the prayers of this.
Thank you.
[applause]
What?
That's it, once in a day.
[laughter]
Otherwise they're tired.
They're going to retire soon, so we don't want to retire soon.
[laughter]
Thank you, everyone, have a good day.